 If we have a one minute speech to deliver, the main challenge that we face is how to be very consolidated so much important information into just one minute. And more importantly, how do we communicate this in a clear manner? That's where this new clicking communication thing work called, brek, comes into the picture. This framework will not only help us speak in a concise manner, why making sure all the important points are in place, but the best thing about it is that if we have one minute speeches or short speeches to give in almost any occasion, this framework can be applied there. So it also improves our ability to speak on this part, even when we're not prepared. So what does this framework stand for? brek, it's an abbreviation with stands for point, reason, example point. We basically start off with the main point or message of our speech, then we want to give the reason for that main point. Then we give an example and finally end it again with our main point. Let's look at an example. Let's say we have to give a simple speech around our favorite genre of music. Now one of two things can happen. Either a weekend look at it in a way that there's so much to speak about under the topic of music, but on the other end we might also think how do I speak beyond just my normal answer. For instance, a far-fabric type of music is jazz, but we say beyond high my favorite genre of music is jazz. For both of these instances, brek can be very, very useful. Let's get into the example. My favorite type of music is rock and roll. The reason I like rock and roll music is to start with this into it ever since I was a little kid. And I absolutely love the heavy guitar and the drumrolls and the lyrics of rock songs. But more than any of this, I remember attending my first ever rock, called it so. That atmosphere was electrifying and I remember it to stay. It immediately made me fall in love with the genre. My favorite rock man is this one group called Lincoln Park. They were one of the first bands that I listened to and I loved everything about them. From their melodies to their rhythms to their lyrics. Unfortunately, I never got to seek them perform live, but I still listen to their music at three days. And that is why rock and roll is my favorite type of music. And that's basically this framework can be applied to a most any question or any short speech that they need to give. And if you want to know more such frameworks that you can apply to short speeches, be made an entire video on delivering memorable ones speeches, which has a lot more than just frameworks. And I highly recommend you check that out right here.